LimbraCross #3: Scopias Klein ZwitserlandCross in Tegelen
November 14, 2023
A highlight of the LimbraCross season; our own cross in Tegelen! The parkour for the athletes ran through the hilly paths of Klein Zwitserland

Long Cross in Klein Zwitserland
A number of athletes participated in the long cross, which took place in different age categories. For MSen, Roel Smedts and Bart Lipsch were spotted at the starting line, who achieved a nice 7th and 16th place. Jos Derijk, Tom Smetsers, and Richard Braat ran for the M40 and achieved a nice 3rd, 4th, and 5th place in a row. The two athletes who were ready in Scopias attire at the M45 were Jeroen Hendriks and Ger Ticheler, of whom Jeroen achieved a third place. The trio that participated in the M50 were Jack Boots, Eric Dorpmans, and Mike Curvers. They all ended up in the top 10. Cor Beurskens and Erik van den Akker ran for the M55 and achieved times of 48m12s and 50m12s. Johan van Gageldonk was the only one in Scopiastenue at the M60, but did achieve a nice podium place when he crossed the finish line in second place. A number of women also ran in this long cross. Melanie de Munnik and Anne Vink participated in the VSen and both achieved a place in the top 10.

Short Cross in Klein Zwitserland
There were also many beautiful red-green outfits to be spotted at the short cross. Such as those of Sanne Tosserams and Jennifer Sabel, who crossed the finish line one after the other at VSen. Dominique van Eijk achieved 2nd place in the V35 category. Wilma Maessen and Anita Woltering also reached the finish line at the V45 with a time difference of 5 seconds between the women. Five MSs participated in the short cross: Tom Smetsers (he still hadn't had enough after the long cross), Jos Derijk, Roy in 't Zandt, Sietse Snijders, and Erlan Rangan. Tom was the fastest of all these gentlemen and recorded a time of 16m49s.

Juniors in Klein Zwitserland:
In the VU18 category, Sofie Bos and Merel Teeuwen were present, who finished 3rd and 4th. Tijs Rijvers was the face of the MU18 and achieved a time of 13m58s. Luuk Schreurs achieved a 13th place in the MU16. Anna van der Velden received the silver medal for her run in the VU16. Prepare yourself, because now there will be two long attendance lists from both the MU14 and the VU14. For the MU14: Sem Kusters, Daan Beurskens, Mick Smits, Jur van Boekholdt, Djes Nelissen, Milan Veenje, and Ryan van Groenendaal. Sem finished 3rd and ended up on the podium with his time of 8m52s. And then the VU14: Fien Houben, Lois de Groot, Daphne Klomp, Evi van Horck, Saartje Hendriks, Feliene Derijk, Pleun van Woezik, Nouk Helmink, Evi Schreurs, Sterre Venhorst, Kiki Pala, Jelaya Kulaleen, and Indy van Groenendaal. Fien was the first in Scopiastenue to cross the finish line in this race.

Pupils in Klein Zwitserland
If you thought the Juniors were present in large numbers, wait until you read which Pupils were present. Those present in the MU12 category were Jasper Derijk, Brent Smetsers, Tren Bouten, Daan Schell, Jip Hendriks, Ferre Veenje, Lev Schuurs, Julian Veenje, Tim Sijbers, Niels Küsters, Jayden Jennissen, Ivar Dekkers, Jace Gregoor, and Ruben Schutgens. Jasper ran the fastest time and took 1st place. The army at VU12 consisted of Josephine de Kaste, Ysra Bauer, Mare Arts, Lynn Helmis, Tessa Honig, Myrthe Klomp, Emma Schutgens, Nikki Zegers, Djalishia van der Linde, Faya Lommen, and Genoah Yeboah. With a time of 6m25s Josephine was the first Scopias athlete to finish the run. The MU10 category was represented by Raf van Boekholdt, Bodi Buschman, Noél Selen, Olivier Veenje, Stijn Kuilman, Lux van de Polder, Keane van der Hoeven, Rens van Kester, and Stef van Hees. Raf took first place with his time of 6m07s. Three ladies in the VU10 category: Faya Gregoor, Tess Loosman, and Yenthe Goertz. They all ended up in the top 15. The MU9 were represented by Luc Zeegers, D’leh Coort, Jim Buchholtz, Quinten Jennissen, and Finn Ottenheim. All men ended up in the top 10, with Luc in 1st place. Fenne Baur set the only time in the VU9 category with a time of 4m46s. Valentina de Kaste came in 1st in the VU8 category, just ahead of her fellow Scopias athletes Iza van Dinteren and Hailey Schreurs, who came in 2nd and 4th.

G-athletes in Klein Zwitserland
Now we have arrived at the last category, but.. last is certainly not least! Five G-athletes took part in the cross: Joos Claessen, Ryan Reijnders, Chloe Bouten, Merie Heijnen, and Marij Heijnen. They finished in this order, and together they occupied the top 5.

Photos
Would you like to see all the photos from last Sunday? Then take a quick look here!