ATH Trackmeeting in Eindhoven
July 18, 2023
On July 15, the fourth ATH Trackmeeting took place in Eindhoven. With over 600 pre-registrations, it promised to be a busy competition. Several pupils, U14 and U16 juniors also participated.

Afternoon program at the ATH Trackmeeting in Eindhoven
The pupils and U14 juniors were present at the afternoon program. The sun was shining brightly and there was a strong headwind during the sprint. Nevertheless, U12 athlete Ryan van Groenendaal managed to break the 27-year-old club record for the 60 meter sprint. The new club record is now 9.10 seconds. Congratulations Ryan!

Evan Schouenberg (U12) also managed to break a club record. He broke the record for ball throwing with his throw of 29.64 meters. Congratulations to him too!

In addition, there were also personal victories for a number of athletes. The pupils were particularly strong in the long jump. Every pupil broke his or her own personal record. Tessa Honig even broke it by more than 50 centimetres! And Scopias was also doing well in the shot put. The entire U12 girls' podium was filled by Scopias athletes.

Furthermore, there were personal records for Josephine de Kaste, Raf van Boekholdt, Lynn Helmes and Evi Schreurs in the sprint. Josephine also threw a personal record in the ball throw. In the 600 metres, it was Josephine, Tessa Honig, Lynn Helmes and Ryan van Groenendaal who broke their own records. And finally, in the 1000 metres, Feliene Derijk and Daan Beurskens managed to improve their own records.

Evening program at the ATH Trackmeeting in Eindhoven
The evening program was plagued by several heavy rain showers that not only hindered the timekeeping, but also the U16 juniors and older. Despite this bad weather, Noud Kessels, Luuk Schreurs, Sterre Venhorst and Jos Derijk appeared at the start of their events. Unfortunately, they were unable to set any personal records, but we are still proud of their achievements!

Time for a vacation!
With this competition behind us, it is time for a well-deserved vacation for everyone. Shortly after the vacation, a number of fun competitions are already on the program, including the club day and the final of the Athletic Champs, which is hosted at our own Vrijenbroek!